Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
I first overloaded the House constructor starting with a default house and working up to including the parameters that the House now has. Since houses often start off as regular buildings before being turned into a residential space, I wanted to show that through the overlaoading of a default house that is very similar to that of a building. I also overloaded the sellCoffee method so that customers could order multiple coffees at once. This is more realistic as rather than having to order one coffee over and over again until the desired number is reached, customers can order the desired number of coffees in one order.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
I had a hard time overloading the constructor of a child class as I wasn't sure if/how to use both this() and super(). I hope that is something we talk about in a future class as I am interested in learning the process of overloading constructors of child classes and when to call the default constructor vs. when to call the parent class. I felt that overloading a method was a lot simpler as it felt like rewriting the method to include an additional parameter without having to create an entirely new method. Trying to find a method to overload can be difficult as it often seems that overloading one method would cause you to overload other ones or it'd be simpler to rewrite a different method alltogether. This happened to me when I was seeing if I could overload containsTitle() to check either if the hashtable key set contains the title or check the number of titles within the hashtable value set that have a boolean of true or false. Ultimately, it didn't feel relevant to the purpose of the method, so I decided not to pursue it.
